1./ 
a/
+ It is used to achieve total abstraction.
Since java does not support multiple inheritance in case of class, but by using interface it can achieve multiple inheritance.
It is also used to achieve loose coupling.

+ To declare an interface, use interface keyword. It is used to provide total abstraction. 
That means all the methods in an interface are declared with an empty body and are public and all fields are public, static and final by default. 
A class that implement interface must implement all the methods declared in the interface. To implement interface use implements keyword.

2./

a/ Is it necessary or unnecessary? 

=> In my opinion, it's unnecessary because absctract class Currencty can do the same. We just need to declare 2 absctract methods there and all sub-classes 
extending Currencty have to implement them.
	
b/ When/How is it necessary/unnecessary?

=> It's necessary when there are many classes like Currencty and they have to use 2 methods in Trading Currency Interface. In that case, we don't need to declare 
2 methods for every class, just implement Trading Currency Interface.

=> It's unnecessary when there is one class that needs to use 2 methods in Trading Currency Interface, and this class is absctract like Currencty. 

3./Programming languages typically comes with frameworks that implement arithmetic operations for decimal values differently.  java.math.
 is Java platform's implementation. System.Decimal is .NET Framework's implementation. BigDecimal

a/ Share your opinions on why such arithmetic operations are implemented by individual programming language frameworks differently.

=> Because every platform has differences in storing data into memory. For instance, Decimal variable in Java is 32 bit but .NET is 16 bit.
So, arithmetic operations are implemented by individual programming language frameworks differently.


b/ Share your opinion why we should or shouldn't use implementations provided by individual programming languages.

=> We should use implementations provided by individual programming languages to ensure that everything works well. 
As I told before, there are differences between platforms. If we use same library of arithmetic operations for Java and .NET, it can not work 
because Decimal variables of them are different.